=head1 NAME

aot-compile - Compile bytecode to native and generate databases

=head1 SYNOPSIS

aot-compile [B<OPTION>] ... I<SRCDIR> I<DSTDIR>

aot-compile [B<-M, --make>=I<PATH>] [B<-C, --gcj>=I<PATH>]
  [B<-D, --dbtool>=I<PATH>] [B<-m, --makeflags>=I<FLAGS>] 
  [B<-c, --gcjflags>=I<FLAGS>] [B<-l, --ldflags>=I<FLAGS>] 
  [B<-e, --exclude>=I<PATH>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<aot-compile> is a script that searches a directory for Java bytecode
(as class files, or in jars) and uses C<gcj> to compile it to native
code and generate the databases from it.

=head1 OPTIONS


=over 4


=item B<-M, --make=>I<PATH>

Specify the path to the C<make> executable to use.


=item B<-C, --gcj=>I<PATH>

Specify the path to the C<gcj> executable to use.


=item B<-D, --dbtool=>I<PATH>

Specify the path to the C<gcj-dbtool> executable to use.


=item B<-m, --makeflags=>I<FLAGS>

Specify flags to pass to C<make> during the build.


=item B<-c, --gcjflags=>I<FLAGS>

Specify flags to pass to C<gcj> during compilation, in addition to
'-fPIC -findirect-dispatch -fjni'.


=item B<-l, --ldflags=>I<FLAGS>

Specify flags to pass to C<gcj> during linking, in addition to
'-Wl,-Bsymbolic'.


=item B<-e, --exclude=>I<PATH>

Do not compile I<PATH>.


=back



=head1 SEE ALSO

gcc(1), gcj(1), gcjh(1), jcf-dump(1), gfdl(7),
and the Info entries for F<gcj> and F<gcc>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, the Front-Cover Texts being (a) (see below), and
with the Back-Cover Texts being (b) (see below).
A copy of the license is included in the
man page gfdl(7).

(a) The FSF's Front-Cover Text is:

     A GNU Manual

(b) The FSF's Back-Cover Text is:

     You have freedom to copy and modify this GNU Manual, like GNU
     software.  Copies published by the Free Software Foundation raise
     funds for GNU development.

